It’s sometimes difficult to think clearly when you’re strapped to a printing press.
When you get a little older, you'll see how easy it is to become lured by the female of the species.
Don't dip your oar in this sordid sea, Dick. You might be besmirched.
Oh, you must be jesting, Dick. Economics dull? The glamour, the romance of commerce... Hmm. It's the very lifeblood of our country's society.
Yes, Dick, your bird calls are close to perfect. If more people practiced them, someday we might have a chance for real communication with our feathered friends.
I think you should acquire a taste for opera, Robin, as one does for poetry and olives.
Man-eating lilacs have no teeth, Robin. It's a process of ingestion through their tentacles.
I suspect she is a nice girl down deep, but she's fallen in with bad companions. And who knows what her home life was like.
No, Robin. With my head sticking out of this neosaurus costume, I might not appear like an ordinary, run of the mill crimefighter.
Yes, he moves very quickly for an overstuffed and unlikely Egyptian Pharaoh.
Let that be a lesson. In future, be more careful from who you accept free lemonade.
Not you, Robin. They have strict licensing laws in this country. A boy of your age is not allowed in a drinking tavern.
The true crimefighter always carries everything he needs in his utility belt, Robin.
It’s obvious. Only a criminal would disguise himself as a licensed, bonded guard yet callously park in front of a fire hydrant.
We’ve come a long way from the Prime Minister’s exploding cake. Or have we?
Salt and corrosion. The infamous old enemies of the crime fighter.
A reporter’s lot is not easy, making exciting stories out of plain, average, ordinary people like Robin and me.
Good grammar is essential, Robin.
Stop fiddling with that atomic pile and come down here!
Catwoman, I find you to be odious, abhorrent, and insegrievious.
It is the duty of every good citizen of Gotham City to report meeting a man from Mars in a public park.
Bartender, a bit of advice. Always inspect a jukebox carefully. These machines can be deadly.
We would have entered the building by more conventional means, but we didn’t want to startle the tenants.
That’s one trouble with dual identities, Robin. Dual responsibilities.
You're far from mod, Robin. And many hippies are older than you are.
Ah-ah. Give credit where credit is due, Robin. She may be evil, but she is attractive. You'll know more about that in a couple of years.
An obscure but nevertheless acceptable synonym for cat, Robin.
I thought you might eventually notice that. That single statement indicates to me the first oncoming thrust of manhood, old chum.
Astronomy is more than mere fun, Dick.
Most Americans don't realize what we owe to the ancient Incas. Very few appreciate they gave us the white potato and many varieties of Indian corn.
Not this time, old chum. Have to think of the golfers. The retro-rockets would burn up the course for a hundred yards.
Experience teaches slowly, Robin. And at a cost of many mistakes.
No, Dick, I couldn't allow my own ward to ride my own thoroughbred. People might think it was funny.
